# Client_Server_Development_CS340

•	How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
 Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is extremely important in development so as code can easily be understood and subsequently appropriately replicated. In order to do this, I create code that has inline comments explaining functionality of the code, clear and easy to read variable names and functions, and I ensure that my functions can easily be modified to use with other programs or databases if necessary. Creating the CRUD method in project one in a clear and re-usable way was so beneficial when implementing the same functions in my dashboard. I didn’t have to rewrite any create, read, update, delete methods. I simply imported my already written python file and called the pre-written functions in my new file. 
 
•	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
The problems with my dashboard were mostly technical issues : things like finding the correct port number, ensuring proper extensions were downloaded in my environment, etc.. all of which required technical troubleshooting. As far as my actual code goes, I had to edit my read functions in the CRUD file to include a read_all function so that all of the data could be pulled from the database instead of just some data. After that my main issues were just with placement on dashboard. Trial and error with moving things around until I was visually satisfied with the dashboard is what worked best for me. As for a computer scientist, I think that solving problems comes down to frequent debugging, trial and error, and lots and lots of testing. I would use these same strategies in the future. 

•	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists automate previous manual requirements. Where there was once a pencil and paper process, computer scientists are able to step in and automate the process by creating an intuitive, easy to use, and accurate program that allows an authorized user to complete the task much more efficiently. For a company like Grazioso Salvare, this program will allow the company to operate in a more efficient and accurate manner saving the company time and resources on a daily basis. 

